[Music]
you must really like fishing mr.
president it's cold out here
sorry not anything to get out of DC for
a while Mike I am selecting you for
Secret Service director congratulations
I'll give them my best shot sir what is
that they bats
[Applause]
don't go don't go I'm coming to you
you're coming at you get him in the
water camp
I got you going under dive deeper
there's been an assassination attempt on
the president for my Fanning you're
being charged with the attempted murder
of the President of the United States
don't you see that I'm being set up
you have a collect call from Mike
we've been getting death threats there's
somebody else behind us it wasn't me the
president's not safe then you're trying
to finish the job I am NOT gonna stop
until the truth who did this
[Music]
how did you find me I want security for
the president how do you think dad I
need your help
we ain't gone away
you can't hide from us betting
don't worry about finding me
find you
listen we're gonna make a move now
people are gonna fall
did not you
[Music]